SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Services Agreement ("Agreement") is dated as of August 7, 2015 ("Effective Date"), by and between Turing Pharmaceuticals LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Service Provider"), and KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Company").

1. SERVICES
1.1 Service Provider shall perform the services set forth in the Statements of Work attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Services").
1.2 Service Provider shall perform the Services in a professional and workmanlike manner.

2. COMPENSATION
2.1 Company shall pay Service Provider the fees set forth in the applicable Statement of Work.
2.2 Company shall reimburse Service Provider for reasonable, pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of the Services.

3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
3.1 All deliverables and work product created by Service Provider in the performance of the Services shall be the sole and exclusive property of Company.
3.2 Service Provider hereby assigns to Company all right, title, and interest in and to such deliverables and work product.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY
4.1 Each Party shall maintain the confidentiality of all proprietary or confidential information of the other Party disclosed under this Agreement.

5. TERM AND TERMINATION
5.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until completed or terminated in accordance with this Section 5.
5.2 Either Party may terminate this Agreement for convenience upon thirty (30) days' written notice to the other Party.
5.3 Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately for cause if the other Party materially breaches any provision of this Agreement.

6. INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
6.1 Each Party shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party from and against any third-party claims arising out of the indemnifying Party's gross negligence or willful misconduct.
6.2 Neither Party shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages.

7. MISCELLANEOUS
7.1 This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the terms and conditions of the Service Provider's engagement.
7.2 No modifications of this Agreement shall be valid unless made in writing and signed by the parties.
7.3 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first set forth above.

Service Provider:
TURING PHARMACEUTICALS LLC
By: /s/ Martin Shkreli
Name: Martin Shkreli
Title: Chief Executive Officer

Company:
KALOBIOS PHARMACEUTICALS, Inc.
By: /s/ Herb Cross
Name: Herb Cross
Title: Chief Financial Officer

Source: SEC EDGAR via contracts.onecle.com — KaloBios Pharmaceuticals (KBIO) Services Agreement Exhibit
